hey comic book fans this is Danny danger
and I'm going to give you a few pointers
to make your comic-con experience so
much better
number one what you should bring bring a
book bag or a backpack to hold anything
you want to get signed and anything
you're planning on purchasing plus a
charged camera a charged phone a phone
charger for when your phone loses charge
some snacks that are yummy and won't
smoosh or spill and a refillable water
bottle number two planning your day if
you're meeting someone at the convention
be sure to schedule a time and a place
to meet ahead of time because once you
get there you could have some phone
issues I'm just saying it's a lot of
people using a lot of devices in a very
tiny little space and you could have no
bandwidth and no service also lines are
going to be very long so when you're
doing your itinerary account for time
spent in line as soon as you get into a
line make sure you know which line
you're in for because if you get in line
for Stanley and then you walk into a
room and you see a giant WWE wrestler
lady you're gonna be a little put off
not upset but put off number three
be sure to observe all proper rules and
etiquette for getting things signed this
is a really important one because if you
break these rules it can be a major faux
pas and it can mess up a whole lot of
people's days don't bring a million
things for your favorite artist or
author to sign while they love that you
love their work and they care about your
experience at the con it's really lame
to take up all of their time talking to
them or having them sign three million
things it's also really lame for the
people who are in line behind you I
would say a really good rule for this is
to plan on having maybe three things
signed if you have up to ten I would
bring extra money to tip them and if you
have more than ten and you really like
the artist or author that much it's not
going to hurt your feelings to do a
second trip through the line unless an
artist is specifically advertising free
sketches they'll almost always have a
price posted on their table telling you
how much they're doing sketches for if
you see this posted price don't ask them
if they'll do something for you for free
they don't come to your job and ask you
to give them free stuff that's my cool
if an artist is doing free sketches it's
still polite to tip them
because hey these people have to make a
living to actually doing research for
this episode reminded me of my first
sketch opportunity which was great it
was Dallas Comic Con Amanda Connor was
doing free sketches and I asked her if I
could tip her and she asked instead that
I donate to the heroes initiative which
is a organization that provides
financial support for freelance artists
and authors who work in the comic book
industry and I totally forgot about that
until I sat down to write this episode
so Amanda after four plus years of
forgetting I made good on my promise and
I made my donation this morning keep in
mind that when you're in line to get
things signed it's just like
kindergarten people cut in line don't
let it ruin your day
seriously don't be the guy screaming in
my ear because somebody cut in front of
me
number four show appropriate love to
your cosplayers everybody who cosplays
at a convention has worked very hard on
their costume or at least spent some
money on it I don't care if a guy has a
baseball helmet wrapped in tin foil and
he calls it a Thor helmet don't talk bad
about somebody else's costume it's just
bad juju
conversely and I can't believe I'm
having to say this out loud but there
will be a lot of women scantily clad
there will be thighs there will be belly
buttons there will be cleavage cosplay
does not equal consent don't touch her
don't ask her how big her boobs are it's
becoming really frequent that women are
being harassed at conventions and that's
not cool don't be that person also when
asking a cosplayer to pose for pictures
be considerate of the foot traffic
around you don't ask somebody to take a
picture in the middle of a very busy
walkway maybe move off to the side
number five be kind to your vendors
setting up for con is a very arduous
labor-intensive task so be nice to them
they've had long days don't be surprised
if they ask you to check your bag at the
booth it does protect small businesses
from theft it's nothing for
it'll also bring cash a lot of these
people are very grassroots and they're
selling their independent comics they
don't have a credit card machine what do
you think this is a space station don't
assume that the girl working the booth
or the booth babe doesn't know anything
about comics this has happened to me
I hate being treated like a comic-book
poser just because I'm handing somebody
flyers a comic book convention is not a
place to peddle your fake meat girl hate
unless you want to end up stranded out
behind an alley having just been beat up
by eight to ten girls dressed as Batman
villainesses
there is an awesome party at the end of
every convention which is a lot of fun
be sure to look up where that party is
going to be so you can attend make sure
that wherever you parked your car is
going to be good overnight and arrange
for yourself to have cab money or some
way of getting back to your house or
your hotel without driving drunk if
you're traveling a lot of hotels will
have a shuttle service so I definitely
advise looking into that don't drive
drunk and definitely don't drive drunk
in a strange town you've never been in
before dressed as the Batman I'd like to
hear that call I'll go out over the
police scanner though you do that would
be pretty fun a bit of personal advice
if you're going for the weekend be sure
to request off the Monday after the
convention cuz you're gonna be useless
so that is my advice for con goers this
convention season what do you think tell
me down below in the comments do you
have some other annoyances at
conventions some other advice that you'd
like me to give new goers be sure to
LIKE this video share this video and
subscribe so you can get more advice for
comic book movies and more tips on comic
book culture a special thanks goes out
to Austin books and comics who have
supported Mike on going experience since
the very beginning